I can't tell if it's still a small pepper.
Is this to murder your husband?
My friendship with the princess
Higher than the mountain and deeper than the sea
Any mountain in the world
Any sea
Less than 1/10,000 of my princess friendship
You really have no shame
So shameless
Why did the princess let me in?
You go out
A moment of spring supper is worth a thousand dollars
We, wait a minute.
There's something I've been wondering about.
You used to be famous for playing with fire
Why have you suddenly become proficient in experience now?
literary talent
Even saved me with medical skills
Tell the truth
The world says I'm ignorant
I just want them to see it.
Inside me.
It takes the princess to know in depth
How to gain a deeper understanding I will teach you